CC-35985 Update docs for Concrete SKU product filter. (#3188)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202505.0/install-the-product-feature.md

   ],
   "completion-terms":[
      "HP 200 280 G1",
      "222_111"
   ],
   "string-sort":{
      "name":"HP 200 280 G1"
   }
}
```

</summary>
{% endinfo_block %}

**src/Pyz/Zed/ProductAttribute/ProductAttributeDependencyProvider.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\ProductAttribute;

use Spryker\Zed\ProductAttribute\Communication\Plugin\ProductAttribute\MultiSelectProductAttributeDataFormatterPlugin;
use Spryker\Zed\ProductAttribute\ProductAttributeDependencyProvider as SprykerProductAttributeDependencyProvider;

class ProductAttributeDependencyProvider extends SprykerProductAttributeDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return list<\Spryker\Zed\ProductAttributeExtension\Dependency\Plugin\ProductAttributeDataFormatterPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getProductAttributeDataFormatterPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new MultiSelectProductAttributeDataFormatterPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Make sure that you can manage "multiselect" product attributes at `https://zed.de.demo-spryker.com/product-attribute-gui/view/product-abstract?id-product-abstract={id-product-abstract}}`.

{% endinfo_block %}

> ### 5) Set up the product concrete table filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5) Search for Concrete product SKU in the list of Abstract Products
```

{% info_block warningBox "Performance impact" %}

> Concrete SKU filters can have a performance impact on the Product table in the Back Office. The impact is not major, but we recommend doing some performance testing after enabling this feature to see how it affects the table loading times in your case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search by concrete SKUs can have a performance impact on the Product table in the Back Office. The impact is not major, but we recommend doing some performance testing after enabling this feature to see how it affects the table loading times in your case.
```

{% endinfo_block %}

Extend the `isConcreteSkuSearchInProductTableEnabled` method in the `ProductManagementConfig` class at the project level and return `true`:

> 

Reviewer: Why filter if we are  integrating the new Search feature?
